docs: add Serpex integration docs (Python & JS) and update packages.yml (#1210)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/javascript/integrations/providers/serpex-js.mdx

---
title: Serpex (JS/TS)
---

This page covers how to use the Serpex search APIs within LangChain (JavaScript/TypeScript).

## Installation and Setup (JavaScript/TypeScript)
- Install the JS package with `npm install langchain-serpex-js` or `pnpm add langchain-serpex-js`
- Get a Serpex API key and set it as an environment variable (for example `SERPEX_API_KEY`).

Get your API key at [serpex.dev](https://serpex.dev)

## Wrappers / Tools

> See the Serpex JS tool reference and examples here: [/oss/javascript/integrations/tools/serpex_search_js](/oss/javascript/integrations/tools/serpex_search_js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the Serpex JS tool reference and examples here: [ADD DESCRIPTIVE TEXT](/oss/integrations/tools/serpex_search_js)
```
